Format certificates properly (rfc7468) with a trailing new line (#10411)
hashicorp/consul: .changelog/10411.txt

```release-note:bug

> Fixed a bug that return a malformat certificate chain when the certificate is not having a trailing newline..

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed a bug that returned a malformed certificate chain when the certificate did not having a trailing newline.
```

> Fixed a bug that returned a malformed certificate chain when the certificate did not having a trailing newline.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
ca: Fixed a bug that returned a malformed certificate chain when the certificate did not having a trailing newline.
```
